Main brain room
-Dome shaped room
-sunglasses shaped window that looks outside
	-Outside is a press conference where you are answering questions.
	-camera flashes and shutter sounds.
	-You can hear the question come in.
-Memory cavern, descend to a door 
-Tutorial about answer quality?

Room 5: orphan overdrive
Question: I heard you threw babies around in Europe while on vacation.
Answer 1: I used to be on the football team, go sports team!
Answer 2: How else do you deliver a baby?
Answer 3: It’s an efficient delivery method, those orphans are happily homed
Layout: find a hidden baby, but the sound of it’s crying.
best answer is given to you when you put 3 babies through doors.
Medium answer is 1 baby into a door.


Room 1: weed
Question: Why did you destroy all the weed man? (extremely high voice)
Answer 1: I have no idea what youre talking about.
Answer 2: It violated the neo-geneva convention.
Answer 3: The weed were poison.
Layout: Barrel asset with weed logo
Building assets, climb building
Best answer, break barrel pile and find: “poison answer”
Medium answer: on top of the building


Room 3: one room skeleton
Question: Repairs to your spaceship cost our government almost all of its money, why were they so expensive?
Answer 1: You gotta spend money to make money.
Answer 2: Spaceships cost money to make and fly and stuff.
Answer 3: I was attacked by communist skeletons!
Layout: One room, phone that rings after 3 seconds. Skeletons with small aggro range at the end of the room.
Best answer: behind skeletons, can be seen from the start.
Medium answer: spawns when you answer the phone.



Room 2: garbage day
Question: (Waste Wizard) Why did you destroy my beautiful trash star
Answer 1: I’m sorry
Answer 2: It was going to crash into the earth!
Answer 3:  I had to take out the trash.
Layout: whatever shaped room filled with trash. When you break enough trash the medium spawns, more then the best spawns

Room 4: underground bears
Question: Should we be worried about the giants and their shadow government?
Answer 1: Probably?
Answer 2: Yes, every government has a shadow.
Answer 3: No, I destroyed their bear army.
Layout:  fight bears, really loud footsteps.
Really long hallway, just a fuckton of bears, and they all run at you right away.
Maybe a polar bear is holding the best answer, medium answer

Room 6: waste wizards tricks
Question: Some say you cheated to win a fight against a handsome wizard, how guilty do you plead?
Answer 1: I thought you died?
Answer 2: Guilty as charged.
Answer 3: I’ve never fought a handsome wizard, only trash.
Layout another trash room. Maybe robots that try to shoot you? Trash spawns from the ceiling. (sound of waste wizard?)

Room 7: Railway to heaven
Question: Do you have anything to say to intergalactic fugitive killjane
Answer 1: Big
Answer 2: 
Answer 3: 
Layout: robots that try to shoot you, shoot them, killing some drops medium, killing all drops best.
